README.md, before:

![O'Clock Logo](.github/assets/readme-logo.png)
_**A minimalist, intuitive and elegant way to manage your daily tasks using a beautifully-designed clock view.**_

## Getting Started

<a href="https://youtu.be/f6bR4L-tj0c?si=uF5al1Y12FZJ5PiH" >
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Watch Me-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=red" align="center"/>
</a>
<br/>
<br/>

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Installing

1. Clone this repository
2. Install the dependencies: `yarn install`
3. Create an `.env.local` file and fill the environment variables by using the `.env.template`
4. Start the development server: `yarn dev`

## Deployment

To deploy this app, just connect your repository to a Vercel project or run `yarn build` to build the project and upload it to your preferred host service.

## Built With

![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)&nbsp;
![React.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)&nbsp;
![React.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next%20js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)&nbsp;
![React.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=blue)&nbsp;

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Main programming language
- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/) - The React web framework
- [Google Calendar API](https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/guides/overview) - API for events and calendars management
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/) - CSS Framework

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [Google Release Please](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/release-please-action) for versioning according to [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/). For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/kyronsatt/o-clock/tags).

## Authors

- **Rafael Alexandrino** - _Initial work_ :: [@kyronsatt](https://github.com/kyronsatt)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/kyronsatt/o-clock/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file for details

Commit message:

docs: .env name changed to example

README.md, after:

![O'Clock Logo](.github/assets/readme-logo.png)
_**A minimalist, intuitive and elegant way to manage your daily tasks using a beautifully-designed clock view.**_

## Getting Started

<a href="https://youtu.be/f6bR4L-tj0c?si=uF5al1Y12FZJ5PiH" >
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Watch Me-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=red" align="center"/>
</a>
<br/>
<br/>

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Installing

1. Clone this repository
2. Install the dependencies: `yarn install`
3. Create an `.env` file and fill the environment variables by using the `.env.example`
4. Start the development server: `yarn dev`

## Deployment

To deploy this app, just connect your repository to a Vercel project or run `yarn build` to build the project and upload it to your preferred host service.

## Built With

![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)&nbsp;
![React.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)&nbsp;
![React.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next%20js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)&nbsp;
![React.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=blue)&nbsp;

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Main programming language
- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/) - The React web framework
- [Next Auth](https://next-auth.js.org/providers/google) - The provider for Google Authentication
- [Google Calendar API](https://developers.google.com/calendar/api/guides/overview) - API for events and calendars management
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/) - CSS Framework

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [Google Release Please](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/release-please-action) for versioning according to [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/). For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/kyronsatt/o-clock/tags).

## Authors

- **Rafael Alexandrino** - _Initial work_ :: [@kyronsatt](https://github.com/kyronsatt)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/kyronsatt/o-clock/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) file for details
